This is Miss Yang, right?
How did you come here?
This place.
How can I tolerate your big Buddha?
This is our home
Dare you say it's junk?
What happened to Mr. Wan?
These people insult my family
Still want to hit me
By the way, they said they were going to abolish us all
Dare to move
Do you not want to live?
Misunderstanding him is really Miss Wan Zong Yang
It's all a misunderstanding
Because look at what you've done
Guan is always me
I kissed the girl and treated her as a woman
I was wrong, you spare my life.
It's useless for you to find me.
I'll tell you what.
You offended my son.
ten thousand yuan me
I didn't know you were a foreign exchange kid
I am damn
You are the richest man in Kyushu
true or false?
Of course it's true.
I told you before.
I will protect you from now on
Tell me, what do you want to do with these people?